Add integration to quick start (#553)
meilisearch/documentation: guides/introduction/quick_start_guide.md

    <meta charset="utf-8" />
  </head>
  <body>
    <div>
      <div id="searchbox" focus></div>
      <div id="hits"></div>
    </div>

    <script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/@meilisearch/instant-meilisearch/dist/instant-meilisearch.umd.min.js"></script>
    <script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/instantsearch.js@4"></script>
    <script>
        const search = instantsearch({
            indexName: "movies",
            searchClient: instantMeiliSearch(
                "http://localhost:7700"
            )
            });

            search.addWidgets([
            instantsearch.widgets.searchBox({
                container: "#searchbox"
            }),
            instantsearch.widgets.hits({
                container: "#hits",
                templates: {
                item: `
                    <div>
                    <div class="hit-name">
                        {{#helpers.highlight}}{ "attribute": "title" }{{/helpers.highlight}}
                    </div>
                    </div>
                `
                }
            })
            ]);

            search.start();
    </script>
  </body>
</html>
```

The code above comes in multiple parts:

> - The body part of the page adds both `searchbox` and `hits` elements.

Reviewer: ```
- The body part of the page adds both `searchbox` and `hits` elements.
```
Seems like a confusing way to frame it, since everything in this example is happening in the `<body>`.  Maybe this would be better:
```suggestion
- The first four lines of the `<body`> add both `searchbox and `hits` elements.
```

::: tab Vue.js

The following code sample uses [Vue.js](https://vuejs.org/) framework.

```html
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
  <body>
    <div id="app">
      <ais-instant-search :search-client="searchClient" index-name="movies" >
        <ais-search-box placeholder="Search here…" class="searchbox"></ais-search-box>
        <ais-hits>
          <div slot="item" slot-scope="{ item }">
            <ais-highlight :hit="item" attribute="title" />
          </div>
        </ais-hits>
      </ais-instant-search>
    </div>
  </body>
  <script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/vue"></script>
  <script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/vue-instantsearch@3.2.0/dist/vue-instantsearch.js"></script>
  <script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/@meilisearch/instant-meilisearch/dist/instant-meilisearch.umd.min.js"></script>
  <script>
    Vue.use(VueInstantSearch)
    var app = new Vue({
        el: '#app',
        data: {
            searchClient: instantMeiliSearch('http://127.0.0.1:7700')
        }
    })
  </script>
</html>
```

The code above comes in multiple parts:

- The body part adds the `Vue.js` components.
  `instant-meilisearch` adds the search bar and search results in these components.

> - `<scripts src="..">` tags are [CDN](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Content_delivery_network)'s that import libraries needed to run `instant-meilisearch`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `<script src="..">` tags are [CDNs](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Content_delivery_network) that import libraries needed to run `instant-meilisearch`.
```

> - The `Vue.js` part is where you customize your `instant-meilisearch`.

Reviewer: ```
- The body part adds the `Vue.js` components.
  `instant-meilisearch` adds the search bar and search results in these components.
- `<scripts src="..">` tags are [CDN](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Content_delivery_network)'s that import libraries needed to run `instant-meilisearch`.
- The `Vue.js` part is where you customize your `instant-meilisearch`.
```
This explanation seems vague to me. Maybe someone more familiar with Vue could clarify the correct way to explain what the above code is doing?

Author: I made changes to the explaination! What do you think of it? @react-learner

  <script src="https://unpkg.com/react-dom@16/umd/react-dom.development.js" crossorigin></script>
  <script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/react-instantsearch-dom@6.7.0/dist/umd/ReactInstantSearchDOM.js"></script>
  <script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/@meilisearch/instant-meilisearch/dist/instant-meilisearch.umd.min.js"></script>
  <script>
    'use strict';
      const { InstantSearch, SearchBox, Hits, Highlight }  = ReactInstantSearchDOM;

      const searchClient = instantMeiliSearch(
        "http://localhost:7700"
      );

      const App = () => (
        React.createElement(InstantSearch, {
          indexName: "movies",
          searchClient: searchClient
        }, [ React.createElement(SearchBox, { key: 1 }), React.createElement(Hits, { hitComponent: Hit, key: 2 })]
        )
      );
      function Hit(props) {
          return React.createElement(Highlight, {
            attribute: "title",
            hit: props.hit
          })
      }
    const domContainer = document.querySelector('#app');
    ReactDOM.render(React.createElement(App), domContainer);
  </script>
</html>
```

The code above comes in multiple parts:

> - The body of the page, is the entry point for `react`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `<body>` of the page is the entry point for `react`.
```
Missed this comma.

  `instant-meilisearch` adds the search bar and search results in this entry point.

> - `<scripts src="..">` tags are [CDN](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Content_delivery_network)'s that imports libraries needed to run `instant-meilisearch` in [React](https://reactjs.org/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `<script src="..">` tags are [CDNs](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Content_delivery_network) that import libraries needed to run `instant-meilisearch` in [React](https://reactjs.org/).
```

> - The `React` part is where you customize your `instant-meilisearch`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The React script (last `<script>` tag in the file) is where you customize your `instant-meilisearch`.
```

<br>
<br>
<MovieGif />

## Integrate to Your Project

The only step missing now is adding the search bar to your project. The easiest way of achieving this is to use [instant-meilisearch](https://github.com/meilisearch/instant-meilisearch): A developer tool that generates all the search components needed to start searching.

> [Instant-meilisearch](https://github.com/meilisearch/instant-meilisearch) works on common front-end environments as: [Javascript](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript), [React](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch-react), and [VueJs](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch-vue).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Instant MeiliSearch](https://github.com/meilisearch/instant-meilisearch) works on common front-end environments as: [JavaScript](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript), [React](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch-react), and [Vue.js](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch-vue).
```

> #### Lets Try:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Let's Try!
```

- Create an `html` file, for example, `index.html`.
- Open it in a text editor (notepad, sublime text, VSC, or other).
- Copy-paste any of the code examples bellow and save the file.
- Open `index.html` in your browser (double click on it in your folder).

_We use browser builds for ease of integration. It is possible to do this with `npm` or `yarn`. Please refer to [instant-meilisearch](https://github.com/meilisearch/instant-meilisearch) for documentation._

:::: tabs

::: tab Javascript

The following code sample uses plain [javascript](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript).

```html
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8" />
  </head>
  <body>
    <div>
      <div id="searchbox" focus></div>
      <div id="hits"></div>
    </div>

    <script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/@meilisearch/instant-meilisearch/dist/instant-meilisearch.umd.min.js"></script>
    <script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/instantsearch.js@4"></script>
    <script>
        const search = instantsearch({
            indexName: "movies",
            searchClient: instantMeiliSearch(
                "http://localhost:7700",

>                 "masterKey",

Reviewer 2: We don't use any key throughout the getting started. Maybe should we remove this one too?

            });

            search.addWidgets([
            instantsearch.widgets.searchBox({
                container: "#searchbox"
            }),
            instantsearch.widgets.hits({
                container: "#hits",
                templates: {
                item: `
                    <div>
                    <div class="hit-name">
                        {{#helpers.highlight}}{ "attribute": "title" }{{/helpers.highlight}}
                    </div>
                    </div>
                `
                }
            })
            ]);

            search.start();
    </script>
  </body>
</html>
```

The code above comes in multiple parts:

- The body part of the page adds both `searchbox` and `hits` elements.
  `instant-meilisearch` adds the search bar and search results in these elements.
- `<scripts src="..">` tags are [CDN](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Content_delivery_network)'s that imports libraries needed to run `instant-meilisearch`.
- The Javascript part is where you customize `instant-meilisearch`.

To use `instant-meilisearch` using `npm` or `yarn` please visit [instant-meilisearch](https://github.com/meilisearch/instant-meilisearch).

:::

> ::: tab VueJs

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
::: tab Vue.js
```

> The following code sample uses [VueJS](https://vuejs.org/) framework.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following code sample uses [Vue.js](https://vuejs.org/) framework.
```

```html
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
  <body>
    <div id="app">
      <ais-instant-search :search-client="searchClient" index-name="movies" >
        <ais-search-box placeholder="Search here…" class="searchbox"></ais-search-box>
        <ais-hits>
          <div slot="item" slot-scope="{ item }">
            <ais-highlight :hit="item" attribute="title" />
          </div>
        </ais-hits>
      </ais-instant-search>
    </div>
  </body>
  <script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/vue"></script>
  <script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/vue-instantsearch@3.2.0/dist/vue-instantsearch.js"></script>
  <script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/@meilisearch/instant-meilisearch/dist/instant-meilisearch.umd.min.js"></script>
  <script>
    Vue.use(VueInstantSearch)
    var app = new Vue({
        el: '#app',
        data: {
            searchClient: instantMeiliSearch('http://127.0.0.1:7700')
        }
    })
  </script>
</html>
```

The code above comes in multiple parts:

> - The body part adds the `VueJs` components.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The body part adds the `Vue.js` components.
```

  `instant-meilisearch` adds the search bar and search results in these components.
- `<scripts src="..">` tags are [CDN](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Content_delivery_network)'s that import libraries needed to run `instant-meilisearch`.

> - The `VueJs` part is where you customize your `instant-meilisearch`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The `Vue.js` part is where you customize your `instant-meilisearch`.
```

> To use `instant-meilisearch` in `vueJs` using `npm` or `yarn` please visit [meilisearch-vue](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch-vue).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To use `instant-meilisearch` in `Vue.js` using `npm` or `yarn` please visit [meilisearch-vue](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch-vue).
```

<html>
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/@meilisearch/instant-meilisearch/templates/basic_search.css" />
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id="app" class="wrapper">
      <ais-instant-search :search-client="searchClient" index-name="movies" >
        <ais-configure :hits-per-page.camel="10" />
        <ais-search-box placeholder="Search here…" class="searchbox"></ais-search-box>
        <ais-hits>
          <div slot="item" slot-scope="{ item }">
            <ais-highlight :hit="item" attribute="title" />
          </div>
        </ais-hits>
      </ais-instant-search>
    </div>
  </body>
  <script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/vue"></script>
  <script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/vue-instantsearch@3.2.0/dist/vue-instantsearch.js"></script>
  <script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/@meilisearch/instant-meilisearch/dist/instant-meilisearch.umd.min.js"></script>
  <script>
    Vue.use(VueInstantSearch)
    var app = new Vue({
        el: '#app',
        data: {
            searchClient: instantMeiliSearch('http://127.0.0.1:7700')
        }
    })
  </script>
</html>
```

The code above comes in multiple parts:

> - In VueJs the DOM elements are written with a [declarative rendering](https://vuejs.org/v2/guide/#Declarative-Rendering) syntax. To make `instant-meilisearch` work with `Vue.js` some components must be added in the `<body>` tag. In the above example, `ais-instant-search`, `ais-search-box` and `ais-hits` are mandatory components to generate `instant-meilisearch` interface.

Author: I'll update this according to you comment on the other bullet point of vue js

> - In VueJs the DOM elements are written with a [declarative rendering](https://vuejs.org/v2/guide/#Declarative-Rendering) syntax. To make `instant-meilisearch` work with `Vue.js` some components must be added in the `<body>` tag. In the above example, `ais-instant-search`, `ais-search-box` and `ais-hits` are mandatory components to generate `instant-meilisearch` interface.

Author: Could you confirm my changes ?

- `<script src="..">` tags are [CDNs](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Content_delivery_network) that import libraries needed to run `instant-meilisearch` with `Vue.js`.

> - The `Vue.js` part is where you customize your `instant-meilisearch`.

Author: You are right! I just c/c from the other frameworks but this is false. The script part is where you initialize Vue.js. I'll make a re-re-edit of this paragraph. Thanks for pointing this out !

> - The `Vue.js` part is where you customize your `instant-meilisearch`.

Author: Could you confirm my changes ?

  <script>
    const { InstantSearch, SearchBox, Hits, Highlight, Configure }  = ReactInstantSearchDOM;
    const searchClient = instantMeiliSearch(
      "http://localhost:7700"
    );

    const App = () => (
      React.createElement(InstantSearch, {
        indexName: "movies",
        searchClient: searchClient
      }, [
        React.createElement(SearchBox, { key: 1 }),
        React.createElement(Hits, { hitComponent: Hit, key: 2 }),
        React.createElement(Configure, { hitsPerPage: 10 })]
      )
    );
    function Hit(props) {
        return React.createElement(Highlight, {
          attribute: "title",
          hit: props.hit
        })
    }
    const domContainer = document.querySelector('#app');
    ReactDOM.render(React.createElement(App), domContainer);
  </script>
</html>
```

The code above comes in multiple parts:

- The `<body>` of the page is the entry point for `react`.
  `instant-meilisearch` adds the search bar and search results in this entry point.
- `<script src="..">` tags are [CDNs](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Content_delivery_network) that import libraries needed to run `instant-meilisearch` in [React](https://reactjs.org/).

> - The React script (last `<script>` tag in the file) is where you customize your `instant-meilisearch`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The React `<script>` at the end is where you can customize `instant-meilisearch`.
```

Author: This is not completely accurate. As it is not a `React <script>` But a <script> tag containing a script using React.

I will nontheless make a change to make this less confusing :)

            <ais-highlight :hit="item" attribute="title" />
          </div>
        </ais-hits>
      </ais-instant-search>
    </div>
  </body>
  <script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/vue"></script>
  <script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/vue-instantsearch@3.2.0/dist/vue-instantsearch.js"></script>
  <script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/@meilisearch/instant-meilisearch/dist/instant-meilisearch.umd.min.js"></script>
  <script>
    Vue.use(VueInstantSearch)
    var app = new Vue({
        el: '#app',
        data: {
            searchClient: instantMeiliSearch('http://127.0.0.1:7700')
        }
    })
  </script>
</html>
```

The code above comes in multiple parts:

- In `Vue.js` customization happens directly in the `<body>` tag. To make `instant-meilisearch` work with `Vue.js` some components must be added. In the above example, `ais-instant-search`, `ais-search-box` and `ais-hits` are mandatory components to generate the`instant-meilisearch` interface.
- `<script src="..">` tags are [CDNs](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Content_delivery_network) that import libraries needed to run `instant-meilisearch` with [Vue.js](https://vuejs.org).

> - The `<script>` containing JavaScript initialize `Vue.js`. The code creates a new `Vue` instance that is mandatory to link `Vue.js` with the `DOM`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `<script>` containing JavaScript initializes `Vue.js`. The code creates a new `Vue` instance that is mandatory to link `Vue.js` with the `DOM`.
```

  <script>
    const { InstantSearch, SearchBox, Hits, Highlight, Configure }  = ReactInstantSearchDOM;
    const searchClient = instantMeiliSearch(
      "http://localhost:7700"
    );

    const App = () => (
      React.createElement(InstantSearch, {
        indexName: "movies",
        searchClient: searchClient
      }, [
        React.createElement(SearchBox, { key: 1 }),
        React.createElement(Hits, { hitComponent: Hit, key: 2 }),
        React.createElement(Configure, { hitsPerPage: 10 })]
      )
    );
    function Hit(props) {
        return React.createElement(Highlight, {
          attribute: "title",
          hit: props.hit
        })
    }
    const domContainer = document.querySelector('#app');
    ReactDOM.render(React.createElement(App), domContainer);
  </script>
</html>
```

The code above comes in multiple parts:

- The `<body>` of the page is the entry point for React. `instant-meilisearch` adds the search bar and search results here by manipulating the DOM.
- `<script src="..">` tags are [CDNs](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Content_delivery_network) that import libraries needed to run `instant-meilisearch` in [React](https://reactjs.org/).

> - The `<script>` containing JavaScript initalize React and renders the code that will be rendered in the body. Customization of `instant-meilisearch` happens here as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `<script>` containing JavaScript initalizes React and contains the code that will be rendered in the body. Customization of `instant-meilisearch` happens here as well.
```

To use `instant-meilisearch` in `React` using `npm` or `yarn` please visit [meilisearch-react](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch-react).

:::

::::

> `instant-meilisearch` uses [instantSearch](https://github.com/algolia/instantsearch.js an open-source library that generates everything you need from a search interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`instant-meilisearch` uses [instantSearch](https://github.com/algolia/instantsearch.js), an open-source library that generates everything you need for a search interface.
```

> `instant-meilisearch` uses [instantSearch](https://github.com/algolia/instantsearch.js), an open-source library that generates everything you need for a search interface.

Reviewer 2: It looks weird to me to put it at the end: visually it does not look like a footer or a note, but like the latest sentence at the end of the getting started, except the content of this sentence is clearly not a way to close the getting started.
For me, there is no problem to put it in the description of instant-meilisearch before the `Let's Try!` title.

Reviewer 2: https://deploy-preview-553--dreamy-wiles-8fd85b.netlify.app/guides/introduction/quick_start_guide.html#integrate-to-your-project

Reviewer 2: But if both of you think this is ok, let's merge it 😇

<br>
<br>
<MovieGif />

## Integrate to Your Project

The only step missing now is adding the search bar to your project. The easiest way of achieving this is to use [instant-meilisearch](https://github.com/meilisearch/instant-meilisearch): a developer tool that generates all the search components needed to start searching.

[Instant MeiliSearch](https://github.com/meilisearch/instant-meilisearch) works on common front-end environments, such as [JavaScript](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch-js), [React](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch-react), and [Vue.js](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch-vue).

> `instant-meilisearch` uses [instantSearch](<https://github.com/algolia/instantsearch.js> an open-source library that generates everything you need from a search interface.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`instant-meilisearch` uses [InstantSearch](<https://github.com/algolia/instantsearch.js> an open-source library that generates everything you need from a search interface.
```
